Terms and cond
Please note that fresh fruit and vegetables items will be billed based on exact weight during order processing (in case the actual weight exceeds the requested weight by more than 5%, you will be charged only for 5% excess weight).


DES:
Apple:
Apple Fuji has a predominantly red/dull pink blush over a green/yellow base. It may have a speckled or striped pattern on its skin. These apples are firm, pinkish-skinned, sugary-sweet flavoured, juicy fruits that are native to Japan. They are a good source of soluble as well as insoluble fibre, vitamins A and C. They contain high quantities of sugar and water.
Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability.
Benefits
Apples are a rich source of dietary fiber, which helps in slow release of sugars in the body, maintaining a steady blood sugar level and lowers the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes. They helps to prevent "heart disease", contain anti-oxidant properties that help battle "cancerous" cells and protect the skin from "UV-B rays". They also help reduce "cholesterol". 

Orange:
About
Navel oranges are very sugary and juicy and considered to be the world's finest orange for fresh consumption because they are very sweet, naturally juice, seedless and peels and segments very easily. It has a variety of phytochemicals containing flavanoids hesperetin, beta-carotene and carotenoids alpha etc. It is wealthy in Vitamin C, A and Folate and includes small amounts of Vitamin E & B complex vitamins too.
Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability.
benefits:
It is rich in Antioxidants which protects the skin from free radicals and also protects against some cancers by suppressing cancer cell proliferation. It is good for asthma patients and orange juice added in the face packs give a new life to the skin by removing the dead cells. 

Banana:
These Nendran bananas hail from Kerala, where they are a staple fruit. They have a pale yellow colour with silky flesh and compared to other varieties, they have a distinctive colour and texture owing to the cultivation adopted for this variety. 
Benefits
Nendran bananas are very good for pregnant women and athletes as they are a power house of nutrients. They boost the immune system and keep bones strong. They also ease digestion and prevent stomach ulcers. 

Tomato
About
Fresho Organic products are organically grown and handpicked by expert.
Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability. 

Potato:

It is organically grown and handpicked from farm
Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability. 

